Multibrand and emails note (#4021)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/custom-email/main/index.md

## About email customization

You can customize and style the default email notifications that Okta sends to end users. Okta sends email notifications for various reasons, such as:

- User activation
- Forgotten password
- Unknown device notification

> Okta bases email notifications on templates that we generate automatically. The templates are available in each Okta-supported language. You can use the default email templates as they are, or edit them to send end users custom messages. End users receive the emails based on your settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta bases email notifications on templates that we generate automatically. The templates are available in each Okta-supported language. You can use the default email templates as they are or edit them to send end users custom messages. End users receive the emails based on your settings.
```

> **Note:** When you edit a template, Okta stops sending the default in other languages. You're responsible for adding translations of your customized message. See [Edit a default template](#edit-a-default-template).

> ### Multibrand customizations and emails

Author: @snehaarvindmani-okta @gormanho-okta

| LDAP Self-Service Unlock Account | Unlock Account | `LDAPSelfServiceUnlock` | Either `${unlockAccountLink}` or `${recoveryToken}` (Identity Engine)</br></br>`${unlockAccountLink}` (Classic Engine) |  Sent to LDAP users who must follow the provided link to complete the self-service unlock account process |
| Change Email Confirmation | Confirm email address change | `ChangeEmailConfirmation` | `${verificationToken}` |  Sent to users who must follow the provided link to confirm their email address change request |
| Email Change Notification | Notice of pending email address change | `PendingEmailChange` | |  Sent to a user's old email address when they request to change their email address |
| Email Change Confirmed Notification | Notice of email address change | `EmailChangeConfirmation` | |  Sent when the request to change a user's email address is confirmed |
| Email Challenge | One-time Email Authentication Link | `EmailChallenge` | Either `${emailAuthenticationLink}` or `${verificationToken}` |  Sent to users with email as an authentication factor and must follow the provided link to complete their authentication into Okta |

> | Account Lockout | Account Lockout | `AccountLockout` | |  Sent to users with locked accounts. Users must follow the provided link to unlock their account, or contact their admin. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Account Lockout | Account Lockout | `AccountLockout` | |  Sent to users with locked accounts. Users must follow the provided link to unlock their account or contact their admin. |
```

## Add translations

**Note:** After you customize a template in one language, you need to customize other languages if you want to include them. If you reset all customized translations, then Okta uses the 27 default translations.

> Okta uses the default language when the end user’s locale doesn't match any email customizations. You can edit the templates through the pencil icon, but you can't delete the default language template.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that the only way to delete a default email customization is by resetting to default?

Author: Yes. i'll add it. Thanks!

## Add translations

> Okta uses the default language when the end user’s locale doesn't match any email customizations. You can edit the templates through the pencil icon. If you restore an email to default settings, you delete any customizations made to the email whether or not the custom email is your default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Okta uses the default language when the end user’s locale doesn't match any email customizations. You can edit the templates through the pencil icon. If you restore an email to default settings, you delete any customizations made to the email whether or not the customization is for the default language.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if that works better, you decide. :)

Author: sorry I missed this. adding it now :)
